Video Pitch

5 Simple Steps To Make A Great Video Pitch

Lately one of my client,s wanting to contact new clients, asked me how to make a great video pitch.

So I started my quest for making a great video pitch. Not just a great video pitch but a friggin’ awesome video pitch!

Even though standing in front of the camera is something I’m starting to get used to, it’s still very scary. And so it is for most people, so no, you’re not alone!

I still find pitching one of the most frightening things, especially because I’m not quite used to it and in some ways it feels like you’re completely exposed to people’s judgment. Which you basically are, but thou shalt not care!

Perhaps you entered a contest, are trying to sell something as an online entrepreneur, or you are looking to start a crowd funding campaign. Regardless of the purpose, you will need a good video pitch to convince people of the worthiness of your cause.

A good video pitch is a beautiful thing to behold, and I found out that it takes a good deal of preparation to really nail it!

You will need to create the video itself and during the video, you’ll need to quickly and concisely address several facts that you want anyone viewing the video to know.

No matter how you choose to make your video, you must let your viewers know precisely who you are, what you are standing for (are you solving a problem, making something new, selling something etc.), who benefits from your action, and how you propose to make it happen.

In essence, you are going to tell your audience why they should care in the first place. 5 simple steps to make a great video pitch

To effectively communicate this point, you must construct your pitch in a certain way. You must communicate simply and directly.

There is no need to use overly eloquent language or complex jargon. Simply address the facts and also humor, YES HUMOR is definitely allowed a must!

Keep your video short enough, please, do stay under 2 minutes (preferably less). Don’t steal people’s time by talking slowly and uhm-ing all over the place. So keep it short and worth watching.

Finally, make sure you avoid distracting your viewers through nervous hand gestures or wearing overly complex clothing or jewelry.

By creating a great video pitch and appealing to your viewers directly, you will be able to effectively sell any idea.

Now all you have to do is get out there and make the video!

This is maybe one of the greatest video pitches I have ever seen,
although I would have made it shorter.